Whenever you dress uniform you see above the left breast pocket the the
series of ribbons that are typically the top band of the ribbon that
holds the metal that goes with that particular honor, and those ribbons
tell a lot about who you are and what you've done and where you've
been Because I am a cryptologist and not a hero, the senior ribbon
that I have is the marine corps good conduct medal which means
I did my job and didn't cause trouble. I had the national defense medal
which means I was in the armed forces during the Cold War. I have
the Vietnam service medal of which means I did a year's tour in Vietnam
and has little stars honored for each campaign I was part of,
I have 4. Then I have a couple of medals for the travel and oversee
studio I did when I was a reservist, a ribbon that indicates how much
time I did reserve duty, and then I have three awards from the Republic
of Vietnam civic action metal, the gallantry cross medal, and
the Vietnam campaign medal. And they were given to me because of the
units I was in in Vietnam, and then I have one last ribbon which is
the US navy expert rifleman ribbon, a permanent one because I fired
experts three times and once you do that they think if you're that
good you you don't have to keep five